README.md, before:

This is a wrapper class for the sip2.class.php from [google code](https://code.google.com/p/php-sip2/).  So far only wrapping the calls 
authenticate a patron and extract various bits of patron information from the patron status 
and patron information calls.

Usage:
```php
    require_once 'Sip2Wrapper.php';

    $sip2 = new Sip2Wrapper(
      array(
        'hostname' => $hostname,
        'port' => 6001,
        'withCrc' => false,
        'location' => $location,
        'institutionId' => $institutionId
      )
    );

    $sip2->login($user, $pass);

    if ($sip2->startPatronSession($patron, $patronpwd)) {
      var_dump($sip2->patronScreenMessages);
    }
```

All of the methods that are prefixed by the word "get" can also be used as properties,
and all protected properties have appropriately named getter methods so that you can effectively
have read-only access via the magic getter.  For instance, 

while you can't do this:  

    $sip2 = $mySip2Wrapper->_sip2;

You can do this:

    $sip2 = $mySip2Wrapper->sip2;

The other get methods can be called in this way as well and can be used as virtual properties.

For instance, this works even though there is no property named patronStatus:

    $patronStatus = $sip2->patronStatus;

Behind the scenes it calls the getPatronStatus() method and returns the value.

To Do:
Finish implementing the methods relating to checking out books etc.

Commit message:

let users know howto generate their own documentation and remove all the static files from the repository

README.md, after:

This is a wrapper class for the sip2.class.php from [google code](https://code.google.com/p/php-sip2/).  So far only wrapping the calls 
authenticate a patron and extract various bits of patron information from the patron status 
and patron information calls.

Documentation can be generated by running [phpDocumentor](http://www.phpdoc.org/) with included phpdoc.dist.xml file.

Usage:
```php
    require_once 'Sip2Wrapper.php';

    $sip2 = new Sip2Wrapper(
      array(
        'hostname' => $hostname,
        'port' => 6001,
        'withCrc' => false,
        'location' => $location,
        'institutionId' => $institutionId
      )
    );

    $sip2->login($user, $pass);

    if ($sip2->startPatronSession($patron, $patronpwd)) {
      var_dump($sip2->patronScreenMessages);
    }
```

All of the methods that are prefixed by the word "get" can also be used as properties,
and all protected properties have appropriately named getter methods so that you can effectively
have read-only access via the magic getter.  For instance, 

while you can't do this:  

    $sip2 = $mySip2Wrapper->_sip2;

You can do this:

    $sip2 = $mySip2Wrapper->sip2;

The other get methods can be called in this way as well and can be used as virtual properties.

For instance, this works even though there is no property named patronStatus:

    $patronStatus = $sip2->patronStatus;

Behind the scenes it calls the getPatronStatus() method and returns the value.

To Do:
Finish implementing the methods relating to checking out books etc.
